Fix sed issue on OSX (#699)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/ansible/dev/developer_guide.md

$ sed -i 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/example/foo-operator:v0.0.1|g' deploy/operator.yaml
```

**Note**  

> If you run sed on OSX, use syntax instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are performing these steps on OSX, use the following command:
```
